then over there number 74 he's holding
his guys stationary so his quarterback
and throw football on second down Jordan
has room to roam stays on his feet and
he'll find the end zone touchdown
Wingate if they hand it to their money
running back the redshirt junior they do
and he delivers touchdown Wingate
cordell they heat coming again airs it
out got a man Calvin Britt touchdown
tusculum 38-yard clip than one
athlete he'll try it via the air go in
endzone go in touchdown Ellington's got
it third score the game for the Bulldogs
third and three here with under 20
seconds left to go in the opening
quarter tusculum old 41 on third down
conversions tonight for dell has a man
it's Nesmith his speedy tight end he'll
take it inside the 35 breaks a tackle
inside the 20 finally brought down
inside the 15 as the first quarter comes
to a close an account and some of those
guys big guys have caught to hold the
fort here on the carry it's a touchdown
and it looks better than the past that
first quarter when they were flat
getting run over by Wingate third down
here and now a first down and maybe more
in the clear forget about it that's
going to be a touchdown for woods 62
yards back from suspension and back to
the end zone there Andrew garner ready
to snap it to half Li helping leave that
offensive line they go to wood second
effort pounds it in for the touchdown
came back from 16 down the biggest
comeback cutter head coach Frankie to
bust trying to work from 14 down here
Ferguson to the end zone touchdown
pioneers remember its fourth down but
its fourth and goal so they're not going
to go for it from the 28 they'll try to
kick the field goal and they'll spot it
down at the 36 Claudia leg and the
direction is well make it a 46-yard
field goal from Gareth Roland's let's
see what transpires that's why I'm not
the coach fourth and five
are they fakin or are they really going
they're really going Catholic looking
for help trying to buy some time got a
man first down and a touchdown ellington
for the score on fourth and five wingate
heads its lead